Bill Gates - "We all need people who will give us feedback. That’s how we improve."
Bill Gates - "Patience is a key element of success."
Bill Gates - "The belief that the world is getting worse, that we can’t solve extreme poverty and disease, isn’t just mistaken. It’s harmful."
Steve Jobs - "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
Steve Jobs - "Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life."
Steve Jobs - "Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice."
Bill Gates - "Everyone needs a coach. It doesn't matter whether you're a basketball player, a tennis player, a gymnast, or a bridge player."
Steve Jobs - "People think focus means saying yes to the thing you've got to focus on. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are. You have to pick carefully."
Bill Gates - "Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning."
Bill Gates - "I can understand wanting to have millions of dollars, there’s a certain freedom, meaningful freedom, that comes with that. But once you get much beyond that, I have to tell you, it’s the same hamburger."
Bill Gates - "It’s fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure."
Bill Gates - "Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose."
Steve Jobs - "I'm convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the unsuccessful ones is pure perseverance."
Bill Gates - "Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world, if you do so, you are insulting yourself."
Bill Gates - "I'm convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the unsuccessful ones is pure perseverance."
Bill Gates - "Why should you avoid the duck psychologist? He's a quack."
Bill Gates - "What do cows do in their spare time? Go to the movies."
Steve Jobs - "We’re here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here?"
Bill Gates - "Why do birds hate Instagram? They prefer to tweet."
Bill Gates - "Where do fish keep all their money? The river bank."
Bill Gates - "Why did the sheep get detention? It was bad."
Bill Gates - "Why couldn't the horse congress pass any bills? They all kept voting nay."
Steve Jobs - "You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future."
Steve Jobs - "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected."
Steve Jobs - "Stay hungry. Stay foolish."
Bill Gates - "Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world ... if you do so, you are insulting yourself."
Bill Gates - "Television is not real life. In real life, people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs."
Steve Jobs - "You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new."
